Add docs for AutoOps on ECK (#4792)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/autoops-sm-troubleshoot-eck-no-clusters.md

---
applies_to:
  deployment:

>     self:

Author: I added it back then to indicate self-managed. Is that wrong?

>     eck:

Reviewer: is this gated by an ECK version?

Author: Users could always connect their fully self-managed, ECE-managed, and ECK-managed Elasticsearch clusters to AutoOps (since Cloud Connect came out)
With this new feature, users of ECK-managed Elasticsearch clusters can also use ECK as an agent installation method to connect to AutoOps. But this new feature only applies to ECK 3.3+
That's why I didn't add a version to the page-level ECK applies-to tag. Sry for all the hyphens but does this logic make sense?
To clarify all of this, I've added an ECK 3.3 applies-to tag to line 76 when introducing the installation method. What do you think? 

@arnonst can correct me if I'm wrong about the ECK specifics

Reviewer: that note looks helpful. just doing a quick read over

navigation_title: Connected clusters not appearing with ECK
products:
  - id: cloud-kubernetes
---

# Troubleshoot connected clusters not appearing with ECK installation

If you used {{eck}} (ECK) to connect your self-managed clusters to AutoOps but you can't view any connected clusters in your account, go through this guide to diagnose and fix common issues. 

## Verify `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` status

Check if the `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` resource was successfully created and the ECK operator is processing it correctly.

:::::{stepper}

::::{step} Check if the policy was created
Run the following command.
```shell

> kubectl get autoopsagentpolicy quickstart

Author: Thanks Michael! I think I made a copy-pasting error. I've replaced these values with placeholders everywhere, so users can input the names in their systems themselves

```
If the policy doesn't appear, there was an issue with its creation.
::::

::::{step} Confirm the issue by checking logs
Run the following command to show logs.
```shell
kubectl logs -f -n <ECK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE> -l control-plane=elastic-operator
```
If you see any errors mentioning `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` or `quickstart`, this confirms the policy's creation and processing is causing the issue. 
::::

::::{step} Re-add the YAML manifest to your configuration file
Repeat the steps to [install the agent](../autoops/cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md#install-agent) with ECK as your installation method. This should resolve any issues with the policy.
::::

:::::

## Verify that {{agent}} was deployed

Check if `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` successfully deployed {{agent}} for your {{es}} clusters. 

:::::{stepper}

::::{step} List agent deployments
Run the following command.
```shell

> kubectl get deployments -l autoops.k8s.elastic.co/policy=quickstart

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl get deployments -l autoops.k8s.elastic.co/policy-name=quickstart
```

```
If no deployments appear, there might be an issue with the `resourceSelector` label applied to your {{es}} clusters. If deployments appear but pods are not running, there might be an issue with a specific pod.
::::

::::{step} Check cluster labels and agent pods 
If no deployments appeared in the previous step, run the following command to check your cluster labels.   
```shell

> kubectl get elasticsearch <policy_name> --show-labels

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl get elasticsearch <elasticsearch_name> --show-labels
```

Author: Updating to `<elasticsearch_cluster_name>` as discussed

```
Make sure that the label you applied in the [Launch AutoOps](../autoops/cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md#launch-autoops) step of the wizard appears correctly in the list.

If deployments appeared in the previous step, run the following command to check pod status.
```shell

> kubectl get pods -l autoops.k8s.elastic.co/policy=quickstart

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl get pods -l autoops.k8s.elastic.co/policy-name=quickstart
```

```

If you see a pod that is crashing or pending, run the following command to inspect its events:
```shell
kubectl describe pod <AGENT_POD_NAME>
```
::::

:::::

## Validate connection secrets

Make sure there are no errors in your secret keys.

:::::{stepper}

::::{step} Verify secret content
Run the following command.
```shell
kubectl get secret autoops-config -o yaml
```
Make sure the secret has the following required keys:
* `autoops-token`
* `autoops-otel-url`
* `cloud-connected-mode-api-key`
::::

::::{step} Confirm secret reference
Run the following command to confirm that `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` is actually referencing the correct configuration.
```shell
kubectl get autoopsagentpolicy quickstart -o jsonpath='{.spec.config.secretName}'
```
The command should return `autoops-config`. 
::::

:::::

## Check for authorization errors

> When you go through the installation wizard, the ECK operator attempts to create a user or API key for {{agent}}. If there is an issue with this creation, you will see authorization errors in the operator logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you go through the installation wizard, the ECK operator attempts to create an API key for {{agent}} within {{es}}. If there is an issue with this creation, you will see authorization errors in the operator logs.
```

# Troubleshoot connected clusters not appearing with ECK installation

> If you chose ECK as your installation method in the wizard to connect your {{es}} clusters to AutoOps, but you can't view any connected clusters in your account, go through this guide to diagnose and fix common issues.

Reviewer: nit: wonder if rather than tying this to the selection at install time, we can connect it to a state that can be currently checked, e.g. "using an `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` resource in ECK" ? 

people who installed the other way but still have clusters on ECK might have a hard time determining the difference.
